Add installing Tanzu Community Edition prerequisites (#231)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/installation-tce.md

# TriggerMesh Installation for Tanzu Community Edition

[Tanzu Community Edition](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/) is a free and open source Kubernetes platform provided by VMware.

!!! Info "Tanzu Community Edition package repository versions"

>        The version of `knative-serving` currently in the Tanzu Community Edition package repository is version 0.22 which does not meet TriggerMesh's prerequisites. There is also currently not a `knative-eventing` package available, so please follow the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The `knative-serving` version currently in the Tanzu Community Edition package repository is `0.22`, which does not meet TriggerMesh's minimum requirements. Additionally, at the time of writing, a `knative-eventing` package is not available in the repository. Follow the instructions below for installing a supported version of Knative.
```

## Installation

1. Follow the [Getting Started with Tanzu Community Edition](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/latest/getting-started-standalone/) installation instructions and create your Tanzu cluster on your platform of choice.
1. Ensure you are in the context of your Tanzu cluster

> ```

Reviewer: I suggest adding new lines before the snippets

kubectl config use-context <STANDALONE-CLUSTER-NAME>-admin@<STANDALONE-CLUSTER-NAME>
```
1. Install Knative Serving following the [Installing Knative Serving using YAML files](https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml/) instructions.
```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.26.0/serving-crds.yam
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative/serving/releases/download/v0.26.0/serving-core.yaml
```
1. Wait until the pods have started before proceeding.
```

> kubectl get pods -n knative-serving

Reviewer: It would be useful if a sample output is also listed, so that the reader can see how many pods are created and expect the same at their end

Author: I'll put that in the blog post I guess.

```

> 1. The version of Contour provided with the Tanzu Community Edition package repository is earlier than the version of `knative-serving` we have installed, so install it from YAML as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The version of Contour provided with the Tanzu Community Edition package repository is older than the version of `knative-serving` we have installed, so install it from YAML as well.
```

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative/net-contour/releases/download/v0.26.0/contour.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative/net-contour/releases/download/v0.26.0/net-contour.yaml
```

> 1. Verify the pods have started before proceeding.

Reviewer: a new line after the snippets would also be nice

```
kubectl get pods -n | grep contour
```
1. Configure Knative Serving to use Contour by default by running the command:
```
kubectl patch configmap/config-network \
  --namespace knative-serving \
  --type merge \
  --patch '{"data":{"ingress.class":"contour.ingress.networking.knative.dev"}}'
```

> 1. Get the External IP address or CNAME by running the command:

Reviewer: Before this, I think we can list the following commands for the user to check that the pods came up before continuing

```
 kubectl get pods -n contour-external
```

```
 kubectl get pods -n contour-internal
```

Author: I was trying to be brief with `kubectl get pods -n | grep contour`, but I'll switch to that

```
kubectl --namespace contour-external get service envoy
```

> 1. You will need to configure DNS following the [Knative Serving DNS instructions](https://knative.dev/docs/admin/install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml/#configure-dns) for your requirements.

Reviewer: Should we fast track it by listing the "Magic DNS" setup instructions and add a tip for the user to refer to the knative docs  for using a custom domain?

Author: I put "for your requirements" in case they don't want to use the Magic DNS entry. I'll use that for the blog post though.
